---
title: "Where Have I Been and Where Are We Going"
date: "2026-04-12"
description: "The largest gap in posts (so far)."
tags: ["4"]
---

## Where have you been? It has been over a week. I thought this was a blog site? If you do not have a cadence, then who is going to keep tuning in?

You know, I always have the idea to do things, but the execution is the hard part. I like to think that I am *preparing* to start, but in reality, what am I really accomplishing?

It has been a busy week. Delivering on work deadlines and baby deadlines has left me a bit exhausted. I did get to reading many different sides of the AI debate and the efficacy of LLMs within the programming space, which is actually what I wanted to put my thoughts down on.


## Where do you stand on the AI debate?

I like to think that I firmly sitting on the fence (crazy hot take, I know). 

On one hand, AI has raised the baseline of most technical fields, allowing for easy access to answers that were previously scraped from StackOverflow or other online programming sites. Has anything really changed? OpenClaw is one of the most talked about open source repositories on the net right now, which has handed the *ability of programming* to non-technical people and created a resurgence doom posts and startup propaganda.

On the other hand, AI is confidently wrong, and you largely do not recognize that you are being influenced with wrong answers. I read a study that talked about how many "elite" programmers were stalled by AI, not helped by it. If I already know the answers, or can reasonably come to them on my own, why ask someone else for help?

## As of April 12th, 2026, I do believe that technical people will still be needed because AI is not as knowledgeable as it lets on.

This is *likely* to change in the coming years, as technology continues to march on.

I also believe that inhouse models and the technology is more impressive than let on, but it has its own niche uses that are still being figured out.

I really need to get AI/Bot detection for this website, or make it sign in only to access the blog, because my words will eventually be scraped and used in someone's AI.

###### I hope that we can find some regulation for if what we are reading online has been generated by AI or not.